libs/docsifier/assets/faq.md, before:

# Frequently asked questions

## Components configuration

The Yandex.Maps components implement all the arguments for their respective classes from the Yandex.Maps JavaScript API
through inputs, but they also have specific inputs for some of the most common options. For example,
the [Map class](https://yandex.com/dev/maps/jsapi/doc/2.1/ref/reference/Map.html) has state and options.

```html
<ya-map [state]="state" [options]="options"></ya-map>
```

```typescript
export class AppComponent {
  state: ymaps.IMapState = {
    center: [55.751952, 37.600739],
    zoom: 3,
  };

  options: ymaps.IMapOptions = {
    maxZoom: 5,
  };
}
```

It can also have individual options set for some of the most common options.

```html
<ya-map [center]="[55.751952, 37.600739]" [zoom]="5"></ya-map>
```

Not every option has its own input. See the API for each component to see if the option has a dedicated input or if it
should be set in the options input.

## Components events

The Yandex.Maps components implement all the events for their respective classes from the Yandex.Maps JavaScript API
through outputs. For example, to add the listener on the `balloonclose` event
from [Map class](https://yandex.ru/dev/maps/jsapi/doc/2.1/ref/reference/Map.html#Map__events-summary).

```html
<ya-map (balloonclose)="onBalloonClose($event)"></ya-map>
```

## How can I access to the created object instance and global API object?

The Yandex.Maps components implement `ready` output
returning [`YaReadyEvent`](../src/interfaces/YaReadyEvent) interface.

```html
<ya-map (ready)="onMapReady($event)"></ya-map>
```

```typescript
export class AppComponent {
  onMapReady(event: YaReadyEvent<ymaps.Map>): void {
    const { ymaps, target } = event;
  }
}
```

## How can I create a component that doesn't exist in the library?

You should use the global API object, there are two ways to get it:

1. If you have a Map component
   - [use component outputs](#how-can-i-access-to-the-created-object-instance-and-global-api-object)
2. If you don't have a Map component
   - [use YaApiLoaderService](#is-it-possible-to-load-the-api-without-using-components)

## Property `XXX` does not exist on type `typeof ymaps`.

Our Yandex.Maps typings are not ideal, there are a lot of missing fields. Unfortunately, at the same time a lot of
fields are not documented in the Yandex.Maps API. If you find any problems, submit a bug please and use type casting.

```typescript
const instance = new (ymaps as any).UnexistingClass();
```

## Is it possible to load the API without using components?

Use [`YaApiLoaderService`](/services/YaApiLoaderService).

## How can I use the geocoder?

Use [`YaGeocoderService`](/services/YaGeocoderService).

Commit message:

fix: fix low performance when a lot of placemarks are used (#199)
* feat: remove ngZone.run for ready events

* fix: fix low clusterer performance by refactoring watchForContentChanges logic

libs/docsifier/assets/faq.md, after:

# Frequently asked questions

## Components configuration

The Yandex.Maps components implement all the arguments for their respective classes from the Yandex.Maps JavaScript API
through inputs, but they also have specific inputs for some of the most common options. For example,
the [Map class](https://yandex.com/dev/maps/jsapi/doc/2.1/ref/reference/Map.html) has state and options.

```html
<ya-map [state]="state" [options]="options"></ya-map>
```

```typescript
export class AppComponent {
  state: ymaps.IMapState = {
    center: [55.751952, 37.600739],
    zoom: 3,
  };

  options: ymaps.IMapOptions = {
    maxZoom: 5,
  };
}
```

It can also have individual options set for some of the most common options.

```html
<ya-map [center]="[55.751952, 37.600739]" [zoom]="5"></ya-map>
```

Not every option has its own input. See the API for each component to see if the option has a dedicated input or if it
should be set in the options input.

## Components events

The Yandex.Maps components implement all the events for their respective classes from the Yandex.Maps JavaScript API
through outputs. All these events run in an Angular zone. For example, to add the listener on the `balloonclose` event
from [Map class](https://yandex.ru/dev/maps/jsapi/doc/2.1/ref/reference/Map.html#Map__events-summary).

```html
<ya-map (balloonclose)="onBalloonClose($event)"></ya-map>
```

## How can I access to the created object instance and global API object?

The Yandex.Maps components implement `ready` output
returning [`YaReadyEvent`](../src/interfaces/YaReadyEvent) interface.

```html
<ya-map (ready)="onMapReady($event)"></ya-map>
```

```typescript
export class AppComponent {
  onMapReady(event: YaReadyEvent<ymaps.Map>): void {
    const { ymaps, target } = event;
  }
}
```

## How can I create a component that doesn't exist in the library?

You should use the global API object, there are two ways to get it:

1. If you have a Map component
   - [use component outputs](#how-can-i-access-to-the-created-object-instance-and-global-api-object)
2. If you don't have a Map component
   - [use YaApiLoaderService](#is-it-possible-to-load-the-api-without-using-components)

## Property `XXX` does not exist on type `typeof ymaps`.

Our Yandex.Maps typings are not ideal, there are a lot of missing fields. Unfortunately, at the same time a lot of
fields are not documented in the Yandex.Maps API. If you find any problems, submit a bug please and use type casting.

```typescript
const instance = new (ymaps as any).UnexistingClass();
```

## Is it possible to load the API without using components?

Use [`YaApiLoaderService`](/services/YaApiLoaderService).

## How can I use the geocoder?

Use [`YaGeocoderService`](/services/YaGeocoderService).
