documentation/EXAMPLES.md, before:

# Examples

##### Popular

- [Using a custom image for the placemark](https://stackblitz.com/edit/custom-placemark)
- [Efficiently adding lots of placemarks to the map](https://stackblitz.com/edit/placemark-clusterer)
- [Route to the point on the map](https://stackblitz.com/edit/route-to)
- [Searching for organizations](https://stackblitz.com/edit/search-for-organizations)
- [Calculating delivery cost](https://stackblitz.com/edit/calculating-delivery-cost)

##### Map

- [Creating and deleting](https://stackblitz.com/edit/creating-and-deleting-map)
- [General parameters](https://stackblitz.com/edit/general-parameters-map)
- [Creating maps on demand](https://stackblitz.com/edit/creating-maps-on-demand)
- [Creating your own map](https://stackblitz.com/edit/custom-map-type)

##### GeoObjects

Please note that Polyline, Polygon, Rectangle etc. are GeoObjects. The library doesn't export separate components for
them. It exports a GeoObject component, using it you can create any of them. For instance, a polyline is a geo object
with the geometry `geometry.LineString`. A polygon is a geo object with the geometry `geometry.Polygon`. For further
information, please see Yandex.Maps API documentation.

- [Placemark](https://stackblitz.com/edit/placemark)
- [Polyline](https://stackblitz.com/edit/geoboejct-polyline)
- [Polyline editor](https://stackblitz.com/edit/polyline-editor)
- [Rectangle](https://stackblitz.com/edit/rectangle)
- [Polygon](https://stackblitz.com/edit/geoobject-polygon)
- [Polygon editor](https://stackblitz.com/edit/polygon-editor)
- [Circle](https://stackblitz.com/edit/geoobject-circle)
- [Changing a placemark icon when hovering over it](https://stackblitz.com/edit/changing-a-placemark-on-hover)

##### Balloon and hint

- [Balloon and hint](https://stackblitz.com/edit/balloon-and-hint)
- [Placemark and balloon panel](https://stackblitz.com/edit/placemark-and-balloon-panel)

##### Controls

- [Standard sets of controls](https://stackblitz.com/edit/standard-sets-of-controls)
- [Adding individual controls](https://stackblitz.com/edit/adding-individual-controls)
- [Custom button layout](https://stackblitz.com/edit/button-control)
- [Search Control](https://stackblitz.com/edit/searchcontrol)
- [RoutePanel Control](https://stackblitz.com/edit/route-panel)

##### Hotspots

- [Hotspot layer](https://stackblitz.com/edit/hotspot-layer)

##### Regions

- [Example of how the "Regions" module works](https://stackblitz.com/edit/example-of-how-the-regions-module-works)

##### Clustering

- [Creating a clusterer](https://stackblitz.com/edit/creating-a-clusterer)

##### Behaviours and events

- [Map behaviour](https://stackblitz.com/edit/map-behavior-yandex-maps)
- [Event properties. Click coordinates](https://stackblitz.com/edit/event-properties-click-coordinates)

##### Traffic

- ["Traffic" control](https://stackblitz.com/edit/traffic-control)

##### Users's location

- [Detecting user location](https://stackblitz.com/edit/detecting-user-location)

##### Routing

- [Building a driving multiroute](https://stackblitz.com/edit/multiroute)
- [Building a pedestrian multiroute](https://stackblitz.com/edit/multiroute-pedestrian)

##### ObjectManager

- [Adding objects to the map via ObjectManager](https://stackblitz.com/edit/placemark-clusterer)

##### Panoramas

- [Inserting into the Yandex panoramas page](https://stackblitz.com/edit/panorama)

Commit message:

docs(examples): add examples in GeoObjects, Balloon and hint and Controls sections

documentation/EXAMPLES.md, after:

# Examples

##### Popular

- [Using a custom image for the placemark](https://stackblitz.com/edit/custom-placemark)
- [Efficiently adding lots of placemarks to the map](https://stackblitz.com/edit/placemark-clusterer)
- [Route to the point on the map](https://stackblitz.com/edit/route-to)
- [Searching for organizations](https://stackblitz.com/edit/search-for-organizations)
- [Calculating delivery cost](https://stackblitz.com/edit/calculating-delivery-cost)

##### Map

- [Creating and deleting](https://stackblitz.com/edit/creating-and-deleting-map)
- [General parameters](https://stackblitz.com/edit/general-parameters-map)
- [Creating maps on demand](https://stackblitz.com/edit/creating-maps-on-demand)
- [Creating your own map](https://stackblitz.com/edit/custom-map-type)

##### GeoObjects

Please note that Polyline, Polygon, Rectangle etc. are GeoObjects. The library doesn't export separate components for
them. It exports a GeoObject component, using it you can create any of them. For instance, a polyline is a geo object
with the geometry `geometry.LineString`. A polygon is a geo object with the geometry `geometry.Polygon`. For further
information, please see Yandex.Maps API documentation.

- [Placemark](https://stackblitz.com/edit/placemark)
- [Polyline](https://stackblitz.com/edit/geoboejct-polyline)
- [Polyline editor](https://stackblitz.com/edit/polyline-editor)
- [Rectangle](https://stackblitz.com/edit/rectangle)
- [Polygon](https://stackblitz.com/edit/geoobject-polygon)
- [Filling a polygon with the image](https://stackblitz.com/edit/filling-a-polygon-with-the-image)
- [Polygon editor](https://stackblitz.com/edit/polygon-editor)
- [Circle](https://stackblitz.com/edit/geoobject-circle)
- [Changing a placemark icon when hovering over it](https://stackblitz.com/edit/changing-a-placemark-on-hover)

##### Balloon and hint

- [Balloon and hint](https://stackblitz.com/edit/balloon-and-hint)
- [Dynamically loading balloon content](https://stackblitz.com/edit/dynamically-loading-balloon-content)
- [Placemark and balloon panel](https://stackblitz.com/edit/placemark-and-balloon-panel)
- [The layout of the placemark hint](https://stackblitz.com/edit/the-layout-of-the-placemark-hint)

##### Controls

- [Standard sets of controls](https://stackblitz.com/edit/standard-sets-of-controls)
- [Adding individual controls](https://stackblitz.com/edit/adding-individual-controls)
- [Adding buttons to the map](https://stackblitz.com/edit/adding-buttons-to-the-map)
- [Custom button layout](https://stackblitz.com/edit/button-control)
- [Search Control](https://stackblitz.com/edit/searchcontrol)
- [RoutePanel Control](https://stackblitz.com/edit/route-panel)

##### Hotspots

- [Hotspot layer](https://stackblitz.com/edit/hotspot-layer)

##### Regions

- [Example of how the "Regions" module works](https://stackblitz.com/edit/example-of-how-the-regions-module-works)

##### Clustering

- [Creating a clusterer](https://stackblitz.com/edit/creating-a-clusterer)

##### Behaviours and events

- [Map behaviour](https://stackblitz.com/edit/map-behavior-yandex-maps)
- [Event properties. Click coordinates](https://stackblitz.com/edit/event-properties-click-coordinates)

##### Traffic

- ["Traffic" control](https://stackblitz.com/edit/traffic-control)

##### Users's location

- [Detecting user location](https://stackblitz.com/edit/detecting-user-location)

##### Routing

- [Building a driving multiroute](https://stackblitz.com/edit/multiroute)
- [Building a pedestrian multiroute](https://stackblitz.com/edit/multiroute-pedestrian)

##### ObjectManager

- [Adding objects to the map via ObjectManager](https://stackblitz.com/edit/placemark-clusterer)

##### Panoramas

- [Inserting into the Yandex panoramas page](https://stackblitz.com/edit/panorama)
